Re-orient top-level documentation toward new developers (#97)
LibertyDSNP/example-client: README.md

# DSNP Example Client

This is an example client to help developers learn how to work with
the [Distributed Social Networking Protocol
(DSNP)](https://spec.dsnp.org/) and its
[SDK](https://www.dsnp.org/sdk).  This client's purpose is to be
simple and comprehensible for developers, not to have all the
functionality and user-interface polish of an application intended for
widespread general usage.

The client talks to a local server (the "static server") that provides

> its own localized and isolated blockchain.  Please note that the

Reviewer: The static server does not actually provide the blockchain; it's a local store for batch files and activity content that example-client can post to and retrieve from.  It doesn't even talk to the blockchain.  But this brings up the point that somewhere, probably a separate page, we should actually talk about where things are and what they're for.

Example Client is not designed for scalability and would not be able
to handle a live blockchain with lots of activity.  Later in this
document there is information about how to connect to an external
chain if you really want to.

The DSNP Example Client is [open source software](LICENSE), like the
rest of the DSNP development ecosystem.

## Table of Contents

* [Features](#features)
* [Dependencies and Design](#dependencies-and-design)
* [Deployment](#deployment)
* [Development Troubleshooting and FAQ](#development-troubleshooting-and-faq)
* [Participating](#participating)

## Features

The Example Client's current features include:

* User Profiles
  - Create a new profile
  - Edit your profile
  - See other users' profiles
  - Publicly follow/unfollow other users
  - Display list of followers/following

* Posts
  - Create a public post
  - View a public post in the feed
  - Comment on a public post (note: only to one degree of depth)
  - React to posts
  - Filter and navigate through the feed
    + My Posts
    + My Feed
    + Another user's posts

>     + Main Feed

Reviewer 2: Specify, that this is all posts that have ever been created on that chain?

* Network Request: [Web3.js](https://web3js.readthedocs.io/en/v1.3.4/) for Ethereum blockchain interaction

* Frontend Framework:
  - [ReactJS](https://reactjs.org) with [Typescript](https://www.typescriptlang.org)
  - [SCSS](https://sass-lang.com) with [BEM](https://en.bem.info/methodology/css/) methodology
  - Responsive with Desktop first priority
  - Utilize media queries, SCSS mixing
  - [Ant Design](https://ant.design) Library of pre-built React components

* Testing:
  - Tests written in [Jest](https://jestjs.io) and [Enzyme](https://enzymejs.github.io/enzyme/)
  - CI/CD done with [Github Actions](https://github.com/features/actions)

*Note: Enzyme is [not ready for React 17
yet](https://github.com/enzymejs/enzyme/issues/2429), so we're using
an unofficial version and installing packages with `npm i
--legacy-peer-deps` if using node v7.  We will change to an official
version of Enzyme when a compatible released version is available.*

## Deployment

The following steps should get you up and running quickly (assuming a
working knowledge of NPM and Git):

* Clone the example-client repository: `git clone git@github.com:LibertyDSNP/example-client.git`

> * Install the correct npm and node version.  We recommend using asdf: `asdf install`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Install the correct npm and node version, which can be found in the `.tool-versions` file.  The maintainers use `asdf` for managing node and npm versions.
```
I'd rather we didn't make specific recommendations actually, but if people don't already have a version manager, it'll be easier to use asdf with this project.

* Install the modules: `npm install`
  * Install Static Server modules `cd ./static-server && npm install`

* Copy `.env.example` to `.env` and edit as needed.

> * Start the Static Server: `cd ./static-server && npm run start`

Reviewer: This will need to be done in a separate terminal or the next step will fail.

* Start up site locally: `npm run start`

> * Visit http://localhost:3000 (or whatever your configured port is)

Reviewer 2: Should we include that the user needs to install metamask and give instructions on the metmask setup?  If so, this seems like a good place to document that.

Reviewer: Definitely include Metamask extension or Torus wallet as a dependency, but link to their websites rather than duplicating instructions that may go out of date.

You can run the test suite with 'npm run test'.

### Docker-based deployment

The Docker container is set up in such a way that the Static Server
will serve the Example Client.  To launch it, run the following
commands:

> * `docker build --build-arg REACT_APP_UPLOAD_HOST="" --build-arg REACT_APP_CHAIN_ID={REACT_APP_CHAIN_ID_VALUE} --build-arg  REACT_APP_CHAIN_NAME={REACT_APP_CHAIN_NAME_VALUE}  --build-arg REACT_APP_CHAIN_HOST={REACT_APP_CHAIN_HOST} --build-arg REACT_APP_TORUS_BUILD_ENV={REACT_APP_TORUS_BUILD_ENV_VALUE} . -t example-client`

Reviewer 3: This needs documentation about where all these environment variables are set and what they should be.

Author: Thanks, @rabble.  I agree.  I only didn't try to add that documentation because I'm not very experienced in either Docker or React, so I wasn't sure what knowledge should be assumed on the part of the intended audience and what shouldn't.  However, I'd love to have some more information about those environment variables in that section.

Reviewer: Let's save this for a different PR.
